Add known issue for dex not starting (#2094)
tigera/docs: calico-enterprise_versioned_docs/version-3.20-2/release-notes/index.mdx

* Fixed attaching and detaching CTLB programs when using BPF dataplane.
* Security updates.

#### Known issues

> * **Important:** If you are using the Authentication resource, the Dex pod has a problem starting due to an entrypoint bug. While we are working on a patch,
>     replace the tigera-operator deployment with the following image: `quay.io/tigera/operator:v1.36.10.1`.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*  When you use the `Authentication` resource, an entryway bug causes the `dex` pod to have trouble starting. As a workaround, replace the `tigera-operator` deployment with the following image: quay.io/tigera/operator:v1.36.10.1`.
This issue will be fixed in an upcoming patch release.
```
Would be best to have another line saying what happens. A second sentence like this: `Users are not able to sign in to the web console.`
